README.md, before:

# PROG6221 Programming 2A Portfolio OF Evidence

## Sanele's Cooking Book
### Description
Welcome to Sanele's Cooking Book Application: The place where you can create all your recipe needs!<br/>
The application that has been created is a C# program that allows the user to create any recipe with ingredients, instructions, and more.

## Installation
There are three methods can be used to install and run the project folder, but first the DOTNET SDL must be installed.

### DOTNET Installation
**_Step 1_**: Download the SDK, preferrably version .NET SDK x64, [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Follow the given steps or wacth a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC5UWby16sg).<br/>
**_Step 3_**: To test your installation of the SDK, open the command prompt, run as administrator and enter the following command:
```dotnet --version```

### Method 1: Running in Visual Studio
**_Step 1_**: Download the zip file from any one of the releases tagged PART_ONE, PART_TWO, or PART_THREE.<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Extract all the contents of the zip file into the desired directory.<br/>
**_Step 3_**: Open Visual Studio if installed.<br/>
**_Step 4_**: Locate the solution file in the chosen directory and open it.<br/>
**_Step 5_**: Select build and run, or click on the green arrow with the project name next to it, or type:
```Ctrl F5```

### Method 2: Cloning the Repository
**_Step 1_**: Open Visual Studio.<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Select the ```Clone Repository``` button.<br/>
**_Step 3_**: Enter the url ```https://github.com/JoshuaAshley/Personal_PROG6221_POE.git```

### Method 3: Downloading and Running with Command Prompt
**_Step 1_**: Download the zip file from any one of the releases tagged PART_ONE, PART_TWO, or PART_THREE.<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Extract all the contents of the zip file into the desired directory.<br/>
**_Step 3_**: Locate the file location with the directory ```FILE LOCATION\ST10060590_PROG6221_POE\bin\Debug\net6.0``` and run the command prompt line.<br/>
**_Step 4_**: Enter ```ST10060590_PROG6221_POE.exe```
**_Step 5_**: Additionally, the file with the same name can be clicked and ran in the file explorer menu.

Commit message:

Finished PART ONE README.md.(The design and functionality of part one has been established in the read me file.)

README.md, after:

# PROG6221 Programming 2A Portfolio OF Evidence

## Sanele's Cooking Book
### Description
Welcome to Sanele's Cooking Book Application: The place where you can create all your recipe needs!<br/>
The system application that has been created is a C# program that allows the user to create any recipe with ingredients, instructions, and more.

## Installation
The application can run on macOS, Windows, and Linux machines.<br/>
There are three methods can be used to install and run the project folder, but first the DOTNET SDL must be installed.

### DOTNET Installation
**_Step 1_**: Download the SDK, preferrably version .NET SDK x64, [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Follow the given steps or wacth a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC5UWby16sg).<br/>
**_Step 3_**: To test your installation of the SDK, open the command prompt, run as administrator and enter the following command:
```dotnet --version```

### Method 1: Running in Visual Studio
**_Step 1_**: Download the zip file from any one of the releases tagged PART_ONE, PART_TWO, or PART_THREE.<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Extract all the contents of the zip file into the desired directory.<br/>
**_Step 3_**: Open Visual Studio if installed.<br/>
**_Step 4_**: Locate the solution file in the chosen directory and open it.<br/>
**_Step 5_**: Select build and run, or click on the green arrow with the project name next to it, or type:
```Ctrl F5```

### Method 2: Cloning the Repository
**_Step 1_**: Open Visual Studio.<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Select the ```Clone Repository``` button.<br/>
**_Step 3_**: Enter the url ```https://github.com/JoshuaAshley/Personal_PROG6221_POE.git```

### Method 3: Downloading and Running with Command Prompt
**_Step 1_**: Download the zip file from any one of the releases tagged PART_ONE, PART_TWO, or PART_THREE.<br/>
**_Step 2_**: Extract all the contents of the zip file into the desired directory.<br/>
**_Step 3_**: Locate the file location with the directory ```FILE LOCATION\ST10060590_PROG6221_POE\bin\Debug\net6.0``` and run the command prompt line.<br/>
**_Step 4_**: Enter ```ST10060590_PROG6221_POE.exe```<br/>
**_Step 5_**: Additionally, the file with the same name can be clicked and ran in the file explorer menu.

## PARTS
### PART ONE
The first release of three of the application. This part is the most basic in design and functionality

**Design**
A console application with colored text for menus, correct messages, or error messages to alert the user of changes within the runtime of the application.

**Functions**
1. The user can add a recipe name.<br/>
2. The user can specfiy how many ingredients they would like to add.<br/>
3. The user can enter in the details of each ingredient.<br/>
4. The user can specify how many instructions they would like to add.<br/>
5. The user can enter in the details of each method step.<br/>
6. The user can view the full recipe.<br/>
7. The user can view the ingredients only.<br/>
8. The user can view the instructions only.<br/>
9. The user can option to scale each ingredient amounts with specified values.<br/>
10. The user can option to set the ingredient amounts back to the original values.<br/>
11. The user can option to reset the recipe.<br/>
12. The user can option to create a new recipe; however the previous recipe/s will not be stored in memory.
